Update BF CF docs (#646)
RedisBloom/RedisBloom: docs/commands/cf.exists.md

> Either

Reviewer: Returns one of these replies:

> - @integer-reply - where "1" means that, with high probability, `item` was already added to the filter, and "0" means that `key` does not exist or that `item` had not added to the filter. See note in `CF.DEL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @integer-reply, where `1` means that, with high probability, `item` had already been added to the filter, and `0` means that `key` does not exist or that `item` had not been added to the filter. See note in `CF.DEL`.
```

> - @error-reply on error (invalid arguments, wrong key type, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @error-reply on error (invalid arguments, wrong key type, and so on)
```
